Self-Hosted Runners, EKS, and Leapp Design Decisions (#684)
cloudposse/docs: docs/layers/github-actions/design-decisions/decide-on-self-hosted-runner-placement.mdx

## Considered Options

### Option 1: Deploy the runners in an `auto` account

The first option is to deploy the controller in the `auto` (Automation) account. This account would be dedicated to automation tasks and would have access to all other accounts. We can use this account to deploy the controller and manage the runners in a centralized location.

However, compliance is complicated because the `auto` cluster would have access to all environments.

### Option 2: Deploy the runners in each account

The second option is to deploy the controller in each account. This option sounds great from a compliance standpoint. Jobs running in each account are scoped to that account, each account has its own controller, and we can manage the runners independently.

This might seem like a simplification from a compliance standpoint, but it creates complexity from an implementation standpoint. We would need to carefully consider the following:

1. Scaling runners can inadvertently impact IP space available to production workloads
2. Many accounts do not have a VPC or EKS Cluster (for EKS/ARC solutions). So, we would need to decide how to manage those accounts.

> 3. We would need to manage the complexity around choosing dynamically the appropriate runner pool when the workflow starts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. We would need to manage the complexity of dynamically selecting the right runner pool when a workflow starts. While this might seem straightforward, it can get tricky in cases like promoting an ECR image from staging to production, where it’s not always clear-cut which runners should be used.
```

> ## Solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Recommendation
```
